Copyedit and organize decK best practices documentation #3247 (#3250)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/deck/1.8.x/guides/best-practices.md

---

- Always ensure that you have one decK process running at any time. Multiple
  processes step on each other and can corrupt Kong's configuration.
- Do not mix up decK's declarative configuration with `cURL` or any other
  script. Either manage the configuration with decK or manage it with your

>   homegrown script. Mixing the two on the same dataset gets cumbersome
>   and is error-prone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  homegrown script. Mixing the two on the same dataset is cumbersome and error-prone.
```
Simplifying the phrasing a bit more.

> - If you have a very large installation, then you can split out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have a very large installation, you can split out
```

  your configuration into smaller subsets. You can find more info for it
  in the guide to practicing
  [distributed configuration](/deck/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/distributed-configuration).
- Always use a pinned version of decK and Kong.

>   Use a specific version of decK in
>   production to achieve declarative configuration. If you're going to opt for a new version of decK or Kong,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use a specific version of decK in production to achieve declarative 
  configuration. If you upgrade to a new version of decK or Kong,
```

  please safely test the changes in a staging environment first.

> - decK does not manage encryption of sensitive information. The state file stores the private
>   keys of your certificates and credentials of consumers in
>   plaintext. Please be careful in how and where you store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- decK does not manage encryption of sensitive information. The state file 
  stores the private keys of your certificates and credentials of consumers in
  plaintext. Be careful in how and where you store
```

  this file to avoid any security breaches.

>   You should always store the sensitive information in an encrypted form and provide a plaintext version
>   of it on a need-only basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Always store the sensitive information in an encrypted form and provide a plaintext 
  version of it on a need-only basis.
```

> - If you have many consumers in your database, do not export
>   or manage them using decK. Declarative configuration is only for configuration.
>   It is not meant for the end-user data which can easily grow into hundreds of thousands or millions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have many consumers in your database, do not export
  or manage them using decK. Declarative configuration is only meant for entity 
  configuration. It is not meant for end-user data, which can easily grow into 
  hundreds of thousands or millions of records.
```

- Always run a `deck diff` command before running a `deck sync`

>   to ensure that the change works properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to ensure that the change is correct.
```

- Adopt a [CI-driven configuration](/deck/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/ci-driven-configuration) practice.
- Always secure Kong's Admin API with a reliable authentication method.
- Do not write the state file by hand to avoid errors.

>   Always use Kong's Admin API to
>   configure Kong for the first time and then export the configuration. Any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use Kong's Admin API to configure Kong for the first time, then 
  export the configuration to a declarative configuration file. Any
```

  subsequent changes should be made by manually editing the file and pushing

>   the change via CI. If you're making a larger change, make the changes in Kong and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the change via CI. If you're making a larger change, make the change in Kong first, then
```

>   export the new file. Then you can differentiate the two state files to review the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  export the new file. Then you can `diff` the two state files to review the changes
```
diff is fine to use here, it's the specific command name.

Author: Okay got it.
